hello i am and florence pujol
dietician nutritionist
today I will answer the
next question in which case the head
makes the body fatten the head a fact
to swell the body from the moment
it's just she who wants
control who wants to rule on the
eating behavior
so wanting control of
his plate irreparably provokes
a loss of control
result one eats one restricts one has
a hundred a sense of frustration
which is becoming more powerful and then
we get loose it's the loss of control
so even if you lose weight at a
given moment you will irremediably
the resume other phenomenon than the head
to provoke it is stress when we
stress will tend to subside
by food
of course there are two types of
eating behaviors either one does not
do not eat we have a loss of appetite
either we build we eat to
calm down and there we will eat outside the
body need system so we're going
eat by need of head and by
therefore we will grow
all these phenomena of control or
loss of control or even stress not
cause at the level of the body a
resistance to weight loss
the body will gain weight it goes
want to stay on this trip and how
because the camp reacted exactly he goes
decrease his expenses he will produce
less hair - from pau it goes well
understand that the head wants at all costs
place it in a restriction in a
kind of starvation so he will adapt
we are all survivors of
famines to wars which means that
our body has been able to adapt to these
restriction phenomena by a form
resistance
he is learning to store more and decrease
his expenses
that's why little by little from
mans the head wants to control the body the
body swelled just in case for
security reasons
in my book I eat and I'm good
I explain to you how the head desires
at all costs keep the reins of
food behavior
and therefore that creates a
resistance to weight loss
the secret of giving a new reins
to your body and your relearning to
listened to it so it's no longer the head that
will guide this is no longer the head that will
to make the body fat but the body
can regain its weight of form
naturally since it is he who will
guide